Title: Brampton FBLC & TA - Competitions

What is CNLC

Canadian National Leadership Conference (CNLC) is FBL Canada's annual flagship event and one of Canada’s premier high school business competitions. Each year, the CNLC brings together top high school business leaders from across Canada to compete for prestigious awards, network with like-minded peers, learn from engaging speakers, and have lots of fun!

Event InformInformation & Resources

FBL Canada offers 16 competitive events that evaluate, recognize, and reward students' knowledge in a broad range of business and career-related areas. Events range in topic, whether they’re for teams or individuals, and whether only Grade 9’s and 10’s are eligible to compete. More information about the CNLC will be provided at Chapter  meetings!

FBL Canada offers 16 competitive events that evaluate, recognize, and reward students' knowledge in a broad range of business and career-related areas. Events range in topic, whether they’re for teams or individuals, and whether only Grade 9’s and 10’s are eligible to compete.

More information about the CNLC will be provided at Chapter  meetings!

Click the image to view all event offerings.

What is SPC, STC and FPC?

Stock Pitch Competition (SPC)Target Alpha’s Stock Pitch Competition (SPC) is Canada’s largest stock pitch competition for high school students, where participants present a stock pitch to industry professionals. Last year, over 300 students participated in this prestigious event.

Stock Pitch Competition (SPC)

Target Alpha’s Stock Pitch Competition (SPC) is Canada’s largest stock pitch competition for high school students, where participants present a stock pitch to industry professionals. Last year, over 300 students participated in this prestigious event.

Stock Trading Competition (STC)The Stock Trading Competition (STC) offers students the opportunity to engage in a 3-month stock trading simulation. Participants can buy and sell stocks of their choice, with access to sponsor-led workshops throughout the event. Last year, more than 380 students competed in this exciting challenge.

Stock Trading Competition (STC)

The Stock Trading Competition (STC) offers students the opportunity to engage in a 3-month stock trading simulation. Participants can buy and sell stocks of their choice, with access to sponsor-led workshops throughout the event. Last year, more than 380 students competed in this exciting challenge.

Financial Planners’ Conference (FPC)The Financial Planners' Conference (FPC) allows teams of 1-4 participants to tackle a case study and present their financial planning solutions. Over 300 students took part in last year’s event.

Financial Planners’ Conference (FPC)

The Financial Planners' Conference (FPC) allows teams of 1-4 participants to tackle a case study and present their financial planning solutions. Over 300 students took part in last year’s event.

Instagram: @bramptonfblc & @targetalpha_brampton

Google Public Classroom Code: hfxswrh