Title: Brampton FBLC & TA - Join Us

Why Join Brampton FBLC & TA?

Brampton FBLC & Target Alpha is a chapter of Canada’s largest student-led business organization, dedicated to equipping students with essential skills and experiences for success in business and beyond. By becoming a member, you’ll acquire practical skills in marketing, finance, leadership, and more, making you a competitive candidate for university admissions across various programs.Brampton FBLC & Target Alpha offers a wide variety of activities, including hands-on workshops, dynamic competitions, and professional development opportunities. These experiences help you enhance your resume, cultivate leadership skills, and connect with a network of driven students and professionals.Brampton FBLC & Target Alpha members can participate in the prestigious Canadian National Leadership Conference (CNLC), which includes over 16 competitions and a variety of professional workshops designed to prepare you for success. Additionally, through Target Alpha, members can compete in the Stock Pitch Contest (SPC), Stock Trading Competition (STC), and the Financial Planners Conference (FPC), offering unique opportunities to hone your financial skills and gain real-world experience.

Brampton FBLC & Target Alpha is a chapter of Canada’s largest student-led business organization, dedicated to equipping students with essential skills and experiences for success in business and beyond. By becoming a member, you’ll acquire practical skills in marketing, finance, leadership, and more, making you a competitive candidate for university admissions across various programs.

Brampton FBLC & Target Alpha offers a wide variety of activities, including hands-on workshops, dynamic competitions, and professional development opportunities. These experiences help you enhance your resume, cultivate leadership skills, and connect with a network of driven students and professionals.

Brampton FBLC & Target Alpha members can participate in the prestigious Canadian National Leadership Conference (CNLC), which includes over 16 competitions and a variety of professional workshops designed to prepare you for success. Additionally, through Target Alpha, members can compete in the Stock Pitch Contest (SPC), Stock Trading Competition (STC), and the Financial Planners Conference (FPC), offering unique opportunities to hone your financial skills and gain real-world experience.

Registration Form

To register for Brampton FBLC & Target Alpha, simply complete the registration form, which takes approximately five minutes. Once submitted, you will officially become a member and gain access to all the opportunities and resources we offer.For any questions regarding membership please contact: hasham.ahmad.bramptonfblc@gmail.com

To register for Brampton FBLC & Target Alpha, simply complete the registration form, which takes approximately five minutes. Once submitted, you will officially become a member and gain access to all the opportunities and resources we offer.

For any questions regarding membership please contact: hasham.ahmad.bramptonfblc@gmail.com

Click the image to view the form

Public Google Classroom

Join  our public google classroom for more information about Brampton FBLC & TA

Instagram: @bramptonfblc & @targetalpha_brampton

Google Public Classroom Code: hfxswrh